PR for SRVLOGIC-300, SRVLOGIC-190, SRVLOGIC-188, SRVLOGIC-192: Document "Serverless Logic" parent directory for Openshift Serverless Logic docs. (#76490)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-logic-restarting-the-build-preview-mode.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * serverless/serverless-logic/serverless-logic-creating-managing-workflows.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="serverless-logic-restarting-the-build-preview-mode_{context}"]
= Restarting a build

> To restart a build, you can add or edit the `sonataflow.org/restartBuild: true` annotation in the `SonataFlowBuild` instance. 

Reviewer: Rather than previewing the details, might be good to say why a user would want/need to restart a build

Author: Added

 
.Prerequisites

* {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} is installed on your cluster.
* You have created a {ServerlessLogicProductName} project or have access to a project with the appropriate roles and permissions to create applications and other workloads in OpenShift Container Platform.
* You have created your {ServerlessLogicProductName} project
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI `(oc)`.

.Procedure

> . Check if the `SonataFlowBuild` instance exists.

Reviewer: command for this?

Author: Added

> . Edit the `SonataFlowBuild` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Edit the `SonataFlowBuild` instance by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit sonataflowbuild/<name> -n <namespace>
----

+
Replace `<name>` with the name of your `SonataFlowBuild` instance and `<namespace>` with the namespace where your workflow is deployed.

. Add the `sonataflow.org/restartBuild: true` annotation to restart the build.
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: sonataflow.org/v1alpha08
kind: SonataFlowBuild
metadata:
  name: <name>
  annotations:
    sonataflow.org/restartBuild: true
----
+

> This action will trigger the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} to start a new build of the workflow.

Reviewer: Is this true (just editing it triggers the build)? Or do thy have to save the file first?

```suggestion
This action triggers the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} to start a new build of the workflow.
```

. To monitor the build process, check the build logs:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc logs buildconfig/<name> -n <namespace>
----
+

Replace `<name>` with the name of your `SonataFlowBuild` instance and `<namespace>` with the namespace where your workflow is deployed.

+
.Example YAML definition with the annotation to restart the build:
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: sonataflow.org/v1alpha08
kind: SonataFlowBuild
metadata:
  name: greeting
  annotations:
    sonataflow.org/restartBuild: true

> ----

Reviewer: Is this output of `oc logs`? looks more like `oc get` after editing

Author: This is repetitive I am omitting this.
